docs: updated JIRA NCSDK-6229_Bandlock_update (#2838)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf9160.rst

Working with nRF9160
####################

> The |NCS| provides support for developing on the nRF9160 System in Package (SiP) using the nRF9160 DK (PCA10090), and offers samples dedicated to this device.

Reviewer: Maybe add a section tag to "Available drivers, libraries, and samples" and link to that section from "offers samples"?

Author: fixed

Band lock
*********

The band lock is a functionality of the application that lets you send an AT command to the modem instructing it to operate only on specific bands.
The band lock is handled by the LTE Link Control driver.
By default, the functionality is disabled in the driver's Kconfig file.

The modem can operate in the following E-UTRA Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28 and 66.

You can use the band lock to restrict modem operation to a subset of the supported bands, which might improve the performance of your application.
To check which bands are certified in your region, visit `nRF9160 Certifications`_.

The band lock is a non-volatile setting that must be set before activating the modem.
It disappears when the modem is reset.

> To prevent this, you can set the modem in *power off* mode calling ``AT+CFUN=0``.

Reviewer 2: if you have enabled the LTE Link Control Library you can call the function "lte_lc_power_off()".

Author: Considering that, to use band lock, the library should be active, as mentioned in the previous conversation, is this supposed to be an alternative method to the AT+CFUN=0 one or it is supposed to be the only way it should be done?

Author: Thank you for the clarifications in chat, fixed

This command saves the configurations and historical data in the Non-Volatile Storage before powering off the modem.

> To set the band lock, edit the file :file:`lib/lte_link_control/lte_lc.c` and modify the ``static const char lock_bands`` define.

Reviewer 2: To set the LTE band lock, you must first have enabled the "LTE Link Control Library" in your project configuration file "prj.conf". [CONFIG_LTE_LINK_CONTROL=y]
```suggestion
To set the band lock, edit the file :file:`lib/lte_link_control/lte_lc.c` and modify the ``static const char lock_bands`` define.
```
Then you just enable LTE band lock feature and the band lock mask which indicates which bands in your projects configuration file.
CONFIG_LTE_LOCK_BANDS=y
CONFIG_LTE_LOCK_BAND_MASK="10000001000000001100"

Author: Thank you for the feedback, updated

Band lock
*********

The band lock is a functionality of the application that lets you send an AT command to the modem instructing it to operate only on specific bands.

> The band lock is handled by the **LTE Link Control** driver.

Reviewer: This kind of formatting is reserved only for PCB elements. Please use emphasis formatting or no formatting.

Author: right, fixed

> By default, it is disabled in its Kconfig file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the functionality is disabled in the driver's Kconfig file.
```

Author: fixed

> The modem can operate in the E-UTRA Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28 and 66.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modem can operate in the following E-UTRA Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, and 66.
```

Author: fixed

You can use the band lock to restrict modem operation to a subset of the supported bands, which might improve the performance of your application.
To check which bands are certified in your region, visit `nRF9160 Certifications`_.

The band lock is a non-volatile setting that must be set before activating the modem.

> It disappears when the modem is reset.

Reviewer: Meaning it is reset to some standard value or removed?

Reviewer 2: If you call the [AT+CFUN=0](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fref_at_commands%2FREF%2Fat_commands%2Fmob_termination_ctrl_status%2Fcfun_set.html&resultof=%22%63%66%75%6e%22%20) the bandlock will not disappear if the device is reset.

Author: Thank you for the info, updated

To set the band lock, edit the file :file:`lib/lte_link_control/lte_lc.c` and modify the ``static const char lock_bands`` define.
Each bit in this define represents one band.

> Its maximum length is 88 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum length of each band is 88 characters.
```

Reviewer 2: [Bit string, 88 bits.](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fref_at_commands%2FREF%2Fat_commands%2Fmob_termination_ctrl_status%2Fxbandlock_read.html&resultof=%22%62%61%6e%64%6c%6f%63%6b%22%20)

Author: Thanks, I rephrased the sentence a bit.

> It is recommended to turn off the band lock after the connection and let the modem utilize the historical connection data to optimize the network search, in case the device is disconnected or moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a recommendation, turn off the band lock after the connection is established and let the modem use the historical connection data to optimize the network search, in case the device is disconnected or moved.
```

Author: fixed
